#Coder byte easy challenges
# To practice out loud
 
 reversing a string.
 
First Factorial  
 determining the factorial for a given number.
 
Longest Word  
 determining the largest word in a string.
 
Letter Changes  
 manipulating characters in a string based off their positions in the alphabet.
 
Simple Adding  
 adding up all the numbers from 1 to a certain argument.
 
Letter Capitalize  
 capitalizing certain characters in a string.
 
Simple Symbols  
 determining whether or not certain characters are in correct positions.
 
Check Nums  
 comparing two numbers and determining which one is greater.
 
Time Convert  
 determining the difference in hours and minutes between two given times.
 
Alphabet Soup  
 sorting characters in a string.
 
AB Check  
 you will determine if two characters are separated a specific way in the string.
 
Vowel Count  
 counting all the vowels in a string.
 
Word Count  
 determining how many words a sentence contains.
 
Ex Oh  
  you will traverse a string and determine if there is an equal amount of certain characters.
  
Palindrome  
  you will determine if a string is written the same way forward and backwards.
  
Arith Geo  
  you will determine if numbers within an array follow an arithmetic or geometric sequence.
  
Array Addition I  
  you will determine if numbers in an array can add up to a certain number in the array.
  
Letter Count I  
  you will determine which word has the greatest number of repeated letters.
  
Second GreatLow  
  you will determine the second lowest and greatest numbers in an array.
  
Division Stringified  
  you will divide two numbers and return them in a certain format.
  
Counting Minutes I  
  you will return the total number of minutes between two times.
  
Mean Mode  
  you will determine if the mode equals the mean in an array. 
  
Dash Insert  
 manipulating a string using dashes (-).
 
Swap Case  
 swapping the case of each character in the string.
 
Number Addition  
  you will traverse a string searching for all the numbers and then you will add them up.
  
Third Greatest  
  you will determine the third largest string within an array.
  
Powers of Two  
 determining whether or not a number is a power of two.
 
Additive Persistence  
 determining the additive persistence for a given number.
 
Multiplicative Persistence  
 determining the multiplicative persistence for a given number.
 
Off Line Minimum  
 creating a subset of an array.
